Sheep - Gives you passive armor thanks to a wool coating around you, and you can eat grass to replenish hunger by pressing your secondary key.
Chicken - Increases your speed slightly, as well as giving you slow fall. Along with that, you can lay an egg by pressing your secondary key.
Cat - You gain the ability to not take any fall damage, as well as jumping higher while sprinting, and Creepers ignore you. If you press your secondary key, you make a cat noise, scaring all nearby mobs away from you. This lasts for three seconds before it wears off, and the ability goes on cooldown for ten seconds.
Fox - You gain extra speed, and have a larger item pick up radius. By pressing your secondary key, you end up hitting someone, and, stealing whatever item they were holding in their primary hand, with a 50% success rate. Has a cooldown of five seconds.
Salmon/Cod/Tropical Fish - You gain the ability to breathe under water, swim around quickly, and are able to mine as quickly as you can on land. This has no secondary ability.
Pufferfish - You gain the ability to breathe under water, and swim a bit faster, but nowhere near as quickly as you can with the other fish, and you can't mine as fast underwater. But, when you press H, you puff out, creating a hitbox around yourself. If anyone comes into contact with you, they take a heart of damage and inflicts poison for five seconds. This lasts for a second before going on cooldown for seven seconds.
Horse - You gain a permanent Speed 3 effect, and are able to let others take a ride around on you. This has no secondary ability.
Donkey/Mule - You gain a permanent Speed 1 effect, and are able to let others take a ride on you. You gain access to a nine slot inventory compartment by pressing your secondary key, which will let you keep those items until death. They are stored away as well if you get rid of this ability, and stay there until you absorb another Donkey or Mule.
Bat - You gain the ability to take to the skies and fly, at great speeds too! You also gain passive night vision. Pressing your secondary key allows you to us echolocation, playing a bat noise before making all entities in a radius around you glow. This has an eight second cooldown, and entities glow for four seconds.
Parrot - You gain the ability to take to the skies and fly, at a pretty good speed too. By pressing your secondary key, you can imitate the noises of the last mob you hit. Has a cooldown of three seconds.
Rabbit - You gain a permanent Speed 1 boost, as well as a permanent Luck effect! You also do not take fall damage. Pressing your secondary key allows you to hop a great distance in the direction you are facing. This has a five second cooldown.
Snow Golem - In snowy biomes, you gain a permanent Resistence 2 and Strength boost, but get Weakness and Slowness in hot enviroments. Your secondary key allows you to throw a snowball, that inflicts Weakness 1 and Slowness 2 for five seconds when it hits. This has a cooldown of ten seconds.
Squid - Allows you to breathe underwater, and swim at a moderate pace. By pressing your secondary key, you shoot ink at someone, giving them Blindness for four seconds, having a cooldown of seven seconds.
Turtle - You gain a permanent Resistance 3 effect, but also Slowness 2, as well as the ability to breathe underwater. By pressing your secondary key, you become completely invincible by reverting into your shell, lasting three seconds, going on cooldown for thirteen seconds afterwards.
Bee - You gain the ability to fly, and are able to fly at a moderate speed. You also are able to restore two hearts of HP by drinking bottled honey! By pressing your secondary key, you charge a short distance towards your foe, attacking them with your new stinger. It makes them get Nausea, Weakness 1, and Poision 1 for seven seconds. This has a cooldown of fifteen seconds.
Llama - You gain Speed 1 and Strength 1 while in hot enviroments, but gain Slowness 1 and Weakness 1 while in cold environments. By pressing your secondary key, you spit at your enemy, dealing two hearts of damage. This has an eight second cooldown.
Dolphin - You gain the ability to breathe under water, and can swim faster than any other absorption relating to the ocean! You can even boost this speed by pressing your secondary key, giving you and others around you Dolphin's Grace for five seconds. Has a ten second cooldown.
Polar Bear - You gain Resistence 2, Strength 3, and Speed while in cold environments. But, in hot enviroments, you get Weakness 3, Slowness 2, and Nausea. This has no secondary ability.
Panda - You gain Resistance 2, but Slowness. You also are able to eat bamboo and gain back more hunger! By pressing your secondary key, you gain the ability to roll, and coming into contact with something deals three damage. This has a five second cooldown.
Wolf - You get a permanent Speed boost, and, at night, gain Resistance 1, Strength 2, and Speed 2. By pressing your secondary key, you howl, scaring mobs away from you, but also, making nearby untamed wolves attack any mob you attack during this time. This has a ten second cooldown.
Iron Golem - Gain a permanent Resistence 3 and Strength 2 boost, but also get Slowness 3 effect. By pressing your secondary key, you swing your arms in front of you, launching enemies into the air. This has a five second cooldown.
Piglin - You gain the natural skills of a Piglin, meaning Golden Swords deal +2 damage, and Crossbows deal 50% more damage. You also gain passive fire resistance. By pressing your secondary key, you let out a Piglin noise, and reveal all gold ore within a radius around you. Has a cooldown of twenty seconds, and lasts for seven seconds.
Zombie/Zombie Villager - You become immune to Poison, Hunger, Slowness, and Mining Fatigue. Weakness makes you stronger, and Harming heals you, but Strength makes you weaker, and Healing harms you. You get more hunger gained from eating rotten flesh. By pressing your secondary key, you hit in front of you, inflicting Nausea, Weakness, and Hunger for five seconds. This turns Villagers into Zombie Villagers, and, if it kills another player, into a Zombie, both of which fights for you. This has a cooldown of ten seconds.
Husk - The potion passives of the Zombie effect Husks as well, but you also get Speed 1 and Strength 1 in hot environments, while getting Slowness 1 and Weakness 1 in cold environments. Your secondary key is the same as the Zombie.
Drowned - Drowned gain the Zombie potion passive, but also can breathe and swim underwater. You get Strength 1 and Speed 1 while in the water, but Weakness 1 and Slowness 1 while on land. Your secondary key has you summon a trident and throw it where you're looking. This has a thirteen second cooldown.
Skeleton - You gain the ability to become much more accurate with a bow, and deal 50% more damage when firing a bow. By pressing your secondary key, you shoot three arrows rapidly, each dealing one heart of damage. This has a six second cooldown.
Stray - You get the same passive abilities as a normal Skeleton, but also, in cold enviroments, you get Speed 2, while in hot enviroments, you get Slowness 2. Your arrow shots also inflict Slowness for two seconds. Your secondary key is the same, except these arrows also inflict Slowness.
Spider - You gain the passive ability to climb up walls, for around five seconds at a time. By pressing your secondary key, you produce a web that lasts for ten seconds. Has a cooldown of fifteen seconds.
Cave Spider - The same passive as a normal spider, but, your secondary key is a quick hit that inflicts poison for five seconds.
Enderman - You gain the ability to throw an Enderpearl with your secondary key, having a cooldown of ten seconds. If anyone looks at you, however, you gain Speed 2 and Strength 2 for five seconds, and it reapplies if looked at.
Shulker - You gain a passive Resistence buff, as well as slow falling, and are able to mine quicker. By pressing your secondary key, you gain access to nine inventory slots that you keep even upon death.
Slime - You become bouncy when moving, and take no fall damage, as you just bounce when you land. By pressing your secondary key, you split into two, halving your HP, but becoming smaller and quicker, gaining Speed 1. You can do this up to four times as well, getting up to Speed 4 at max, but you only have half a heart when like this. This has a five second cooldown.
Witch - You become immune to ALL NEGATIVE potion effects, only being effected by neutral or positive ones. And, by pressing your secondary key, you throw a random negative splash potion, with different lengths and effects.
Phantom - You gain the ability to be completely invisible while standing still, or while moving while sneaking. When you press your secondary key, you are able to phase, becoming invisible as well, only for ten seconds at max. This has a bar that refills when you unphase, at max having a twenty second recharge period.
Creeper - When you become a Creeper, you gain the secondary ability to blow up. There's a start up where the same noise the Creeper makes when they're about to explode, and you create an explosion similar in strength to a Supercharged Creeper. You don't die when you blow up also.
Blaze - You become completely fire proof from any source of heat. You shoot out a fireball with your secondary key, dealing two damage every hit, while setting the opponent on fire. This has a five second cooldown.
Ghast - You gain the ability to fly, going up by holding space and down by shifting. Pressing your secondary key shoots a fireball, dealing five damage and blowing up the surrounding things. This has a seven second cooldown.
Wither Skeleton - You gain the ability  to have a 25% chance to inflict the Wither effect for two seconds every time you hit someone, and also become immune to Wither and Fire. When you press your secondary key, you shoot a Wither Skull, dealing four damage and inflicting the Wither effect for five seconds. This has a ten second cooldown.
Dragon Egg - You absorb this by shooting at a Dragon Egg. This doesn't get rid of the Egg, as you can just press G again to get rid of it like mobs. When absorbing this, you gain Strength 3, Speed 2, Resistence 2, and Jump Boost 2. You can shoot Dragons Breath (that can be bottled) with your secondary key. This has a ten second cooldown, and stays on the ground for five seconds.
